When the client connects to the server, the server sends a greeting:
protocol version number, space, nplaces, space, nthings, CRLF.

The client then sends the user's handle, followed by CRLF.  The handle must
be 50 characters or fewer, and may not contain any bytes between 0 and 31
inclusive nor between 127 and 159 inclusive nor the byte 255.


Information from the server to the client is on lines terminated by CRLF,
with the first token identifying the kind of information line.  Succeeding
parameters where indicated are space-separated, and are usually integers (but
possibly negative when they refer to objects).  The "handle" parameter is
special, being from the above-specified alphabet and extending to the rest
of the line regardless of spaces.

loc n -- your user is now at location n, and this location should be
	described.
here n -- object number n is at your location.
arr n -- object n (negative indicates a person) has just arrived at your
	user's location.
dep n -- object n (negative indicates a person) has just left from your
	user's location.
poked n -- you have been "poked" by person n (which will be negative).
ib -- in response to 'inventory' command, marks the beginning of the inventory
	list.
i n -- indicates one item of the 'inventory'.
ie -- marks the end of the inventory list.
ok -- the requested 'get' or 'drop' or 'poke' command succeeded.
ng -- the requested 'get' command failed.
nd -- the requested 'drop' command failed.
np -- the requested 'poke' command failed.
name n handle -- indicates (for future reference) that the given user
	number now corresponds to the given handle (name).  User numbers are
	negative thing numbers.
quit n -- indicates (for future reference) that the given user number no
	longer exists.
error string -- internal error message which should be displayed.

NEW: You will be adding:
said n string -- person n (which will be negative) has said string

Note that when a client disconnects, all objects held by that client get
deposited at the location the person was at, and that person departs -- the
server implements this.


Commands from the user to the server are on lines terminated by CRLF, with
the first token identifying the kind of command.  Succeeding parameters where
indicated are space-separated, and are non-negative integers unless indicated.

go n -- this user is moving to location 'n'.  Server responds with "loc n"
	and zero or more "here" lines (as well as updating its own records and
	possibly sending notifications to other clients).
get n -- user says to get item 'n'.
drop n -- user says to drop item 'n'.
poke n -- user says to poke person 'n'.  'n' can be positive or negative, and
	is construed as referring to person -abs(n).
inv -- user requests inventory listing
descr -- describe current location (output as in "go", but does not move user)

NEW: You will be adding:
say string -- user says string
